[docs] Adds a doc on LoRA support for diffusers (#2086)
huggingface/diffusers: examples/text_to_image/README.md

The above command will also run inference as fine-tuning progresses and log the results to Weights and Biases.

> **___Note: When using LoRA we can use a much higher learning rate compared to non-LoRA fine-tuning. Here we use *1e-4* instead of the usual *1e-5*. Also, by using LoRA, it's possible to run `train_text_to_image_lora.py` in consumer GPUs like T4 or V100.**

Author: I know this is not the characteristic of an ideal PR to make changes to unrelated files. But these seemed pretty minor.

Reviewer: Thanks for correcting it :-)

For faster training on TPUs and GPUs you can leverage the flax training example. Follow the instructions above to get the model and dataset before running the script.

> **___Note: The flax example don't yet support features like gradient checkpoint, gradient accumulation etc, so to use flax for faster training we will need >30GB cards.___**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**___Note: The flax example doesn't yet support features like gradient checkpoint, gradient accumulation etc, so to use flax for faster training we will need >30GB cards or TPU v3.___**
```

(I'm assuming it doesn't work on TPU v2, but never tried).
